# CoreDataModelParser
A typed interface to a Core Data model file, written in Swift.

I wrote this so I could write type-safe Core Data code in late August 2015, because Xcode 6.4 doesn't support Objective-C generics, and Xcode 7.0 isn't GM yet, and the Swift code generation from a Core Data model doesn't have typed relationships.

I didn't want to have to write out 32 separate model classes manually just to have the proper types, so I begin thinking about code generation. mogenerator would fit the bill, but I've tried working with it in the past, and it didn't provide the flexibility I wanted to get at the model, so I could run verification functions to make sure I've done things like put a "uniqueID" attribute typed as a String on each entity. Currently, the trade-off is that this codebase isn't nearly as tested, flexible, and has caveman-like code generation by comparison. mogenerator has full templating, 

To generate your source code, use something conforming to ModelConsumer. A simple ModelConsumer called CanoncialConsumer is provided. It has a near-identical interface to the Objective-C files generated by Xcode 7.0, as well as a Swift file conforming all of the objects to a protocol called CoreDataEntity, and an Objective-C file called "Model-All.h", which contains header imports for all of the header files.

The generated property accessor code is declared in Objective-C, because as of Xcode 7.0 it seems inadvisable to do typed to-many relationships in Swift – Xcode itself avoids it, and I've read anecdotal evidence over the summer of 2015 indicating that Swift sets (i.e. Set as introduced in Swift 1.2) weren't working well with Core Data yet.

To set up additional ModelConsumers, you can edit line 27 in main.m.


